Change sim to use an example specific namespace (#93)
llm-d-incubation/llm-d-infra: quickstart/examples/precise-prefix-cache-aware/README.md

> 1. Firstly, you should be able to list all helm releases to view all 4 charts that should be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Firstly, you should be able to list all helm releases in the `llm-d-precise` ns to view all 3 charts that should be installed:
```

```bash
helm list -n llm-d-precise --all --debug
NAME          	NAMESPACE      	REVISION	UPDATED                             	STATUS  	CHART                    	APP VERSION
infra-kv-events	llm-d-precise   1       	2025-07-14 10:46:56.074433 -0700 PDT	deployed	llm-d-infra-1.0.1        	0.1

> kgateway      	kgateway-system	1       	2025-07-14 10:46:43.577928 -0700 PDT	deployed	kgateway-v2.0.3          	1.16.0
> kgateway-crds 	kgateway-system	1       	2025-07-14 10:46:39.26078 -0700  PDT 	deployed	kgateway-crds-v2.0.3     	1.16.0

Reviewer: Remove this:
```suggestion
```
